hello everybody Calvin nation here today
with another balasana tutorial and in
today's tutorial we're going to be doing
another combo now the reason why I'm
doing all these combos is because we've
learned a lot of basic openings and
basic closings over the past year and a
half or so and those are all great
things to learn but what's the point if
we can't connect them into our own
combos or our own free styles so in
making all these combos that's what I'm
hoping to achieve is that you guys can
kind of take what you learn here and
incorporate it into your own moves into
your own combos and your own freestyle
so today's combo we're going to be
learning a move that is pretty similar
to behind the eight-ball the reason why
I'm doing that is because in my recent
tutorials and even as this one you can
see that in between shots and in between
you know me telling you how to do a
certain move I do a lot of flipping and
a lot of combos and stuff so I actually
get a lot of requests to do tutorials on
those little combos I do so I'm going to
do a little behind the eight-ball type
type move here for you guys so if we
enjoy it and before we get started I
just want to get your opinion on
something do you guys like this black
background here or do you like my
traditional red one now the reason why I
like my red one is because it was kind
of like unique Calvin nation not a whole
lot of people did the red but with the
black there's a lot more focus on the
hands it's probably easier to see and to
follow along but you know I think I
actually like the black better but it's
not original but anyway you guys decide
maybe I'll keep the black maybe I'll do
the red maybe I'll go between the two
but anyway enough about that
here is the move
you
okay everybody so to start this move off
we're going to be holding the bow song
in this position we're going to have our
palm down bite handle up safe handle
down so we are starting with the bite
handle instead of our typical safe
handle now from here we are basically
going to be doing a index rollover but
instead of doing the typical vertical
rollover we would be doing the
horizontal one so what that's going to
look like is this and you can see that
it did not come all the way back up
nor did I do rollover around the thumb
what you're going to do after that
initial rollout is you're going to let
the bite handle in the spine of the
blade move towards your thumb but as
they get closer you're going to reduce
your grip on the safe handle and what's
that what that's going to do is it's
going to allow the the bite handle in
the blade to pass between your wrist so
what that's going to look like is this
and you're going to land in this
position so again quickly horizontal
rollover around the finger as it's
coming back towards you let it rotate
between the wrist
now from here you can see that we are in
position to do another rollover around
the thumb that's exactly what we're
going to do so let it roll over around
the thumb and you're going to be
catching the bite handle now you can see
that the edge is moving towards your
finger and have to stop us from getting
cut we are simply going to do a another
wrist pass and from here you're going to
be landing in this position where your
palm is down facing the whole balisong
coming back towards your pointer finger
and from there we're going to be doing
another horizontal rollover
so again just to recap bite handle is
where you can be holding rollover around
the the finger rotate wrist pass and
rollover around the thumb as that edge
is coming back towards your finger let
it do a wrist pass again and you
be now initiating that second horizontal
rollover around the pointer finger now
unlike the first rollover around the
pointer finger we are not going to be
doing that risk pass again we are going
to simply be just continuing a rollover
so let's see again boom boom now from
here
rollover and we're going to land in this
position here and now this
these last two moves are identical to
behind the 8-ball the last two rollovers
and then the finishing wrist pass so
again here just simply rollover around
the wrist you've caught the bite handle
wrist pass and catch up in this position
so again just to break it down once more
bite handle wrist pass rollover wrist
pass rollover no wrist pass roll over
roll over wrist pass and catch
so basically wrist passed and rollovers
that's all it is it's a lot easier if
you know behind the 8-ball so I
definitely suggest checking that out
again very similar to behind the 8-ball
this type of move or combo is going to
really really help in forming your own
combos in your own freestyle so
hopefully you guys get this hopefully
you guys enjoyed it and please tell me
what you think here again is the slow-mo
and you know the move in normal speed
thanks for watching guys and I'll see
you later
you